hello youtube friends in this new
video I come to share a new
mode for your gta san andreas the mod is
a new pack of low-income cars
I really recommend them a lot because
it replaces all the cars in the game and
all the cars do not cause the
mention that they are also compatible
with sanz let's clarify that this pack
I got it on a page of Russian mods
so credits to their respective
creators clarified this let's start
with the video but first I want them
ask to go through my channel
music without copyright like the one you're
listening to all the songs that I upload
in the music channel does not have the
copyright so you can use all
the songs you want without you
leave content matches with third parties
good
no more time to lose we are going to
start with the video
As you already know they go to the link of the
description of the video wait 5 seconds
and skip advertising and on my page
web will be able to download and once
downloaded will leave you this file rar
you right click and extract here
leave this folder open it inside
There are two folders and a document
text before installing the mod read that
text document so they see the
compatibility of this mod
and well we open the folder the folder
root of gta san andreas and we select
everything that is inside and we copy it
now we go to the folder of our
gta san andreas
and we paste it, it will tell us that if we want
combine and replace folders and
files to everything we give that yes good
now we are going to need our to the fis
img editor if you do not have it is in the
description of the video well open
our al cis img editor
and now we give it where it says file
then in open and we look for the folder of
our gta san andreas and we open the
folder models and the file gta 3 lo
we select and we open it now
we give in the green arrow that aims
below and we look for the mobile folder
and open the folder to gta 3 point and m & g
and we select everything that is inside
and we give it in April we hope that the
letters turn green and now we give
on the blue diskette to save the
changes we hope and close the al cis and
m & g editor and ready the mod will already be
correctly installed and good friends
I'll leave you with a gameplay of the mod I wish
you like it if so please do not
go without liking the video though
do not look like I like youtube me
account and if you are not subscribed subscribe
it's free subo mods for gta san andreas
daily and good friends if God wants
see you in the next video god them
bless everyone and thank you very much for
always support me goodbye friends
I like it
with the
yes
i
Y
to
ah
all right
Y
and good is your family going to be
message
the old
I am
two
all the crises
single
luck
without anything
I like it
yes
ah
i
yes
Y
to